Developing has been one of Will's passions. From age 10 upwards, he has been tinkering with computers. His journey began with GameMaker, which was a simple tool for creating 2D games. GameMaker's drag-and-drop interface was clunky and limiting. However, it was extensible using a JavaScript-esque language. From there he moved on to the very stuff that makes up the web: HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. While these can make a lot, they lacked a certain power that could come from a server-side language. At this crossroads, Will chose to learn PHP.

In his senior year of high school, Will let developing take a seat on the bench for a short while, as he focused more on schoolwork. Will graduated as the salutatorian of his class of 2013. He then moved on to the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga, where he majored in Computer Science. In his classes, Java was the language of choice, but the focus was on the fundamentals. In 2014, while studying at UTC, Will joined Delegator as a part-time web-developing intern. While there, he managed to add plenty more tools to his tool belt. As of December 2016, Will has obtained his Bachelor's of Science in Computer Science with a minor in Business Administration.

After graduating, Will joined the development team at Delegator. There he honed a variety of skills including both front and back end development of e-commerce features and themes, server administration, and technical audits. Outside of work, he spends some of his free time researching and learning about exciting new (at least to him) languages and development tools. Functional programming (particularly using the Elixir and Elm languages) has grabbed his attention lately, as well as the Ruby-inspired compiled language Crystal.
